no judging by the amount of force on the glass
and kill their bodies we will be fine
Goes by salute created yes there because
now i will kill him what he do who
I can be burned out of the window and kill
so the first zombie died go 2 kill and
acid
everything
weak supplies attack he went
nearly killed all as one faster
now take the most
I will continue so
nifiga yourself then it is necessary not to pour the park
loved it with us and then there is no there yet
gaps no questions just about
and I, too, loved you shield how I saved
my life is so sad perk
everything is so all I am saved and already there one more
on him too save i dude there struck
come on lasers especially bazooka jo and
Bingli scent system Liv yes you all
finally damn we sniper ammo
run out of says pacha
he shoots mom rexi all thanks for that
saved and thank you all page
send me was ok here's my base
how to help pussy that house
where
from
Well Th somewhere I went-went bam here is
happened to catch there wife single
machine gun
dead end